1. HTML added in google fonts
This was so we could use open sans 

2. HTML Added in JQUERY 
This was so we could do the test to see if the doc was loaded before doing the javascript stuff

3. CSS Abstracted into a seperate file
This is to keep the HTML tidy

4. SCRIPT Abstracted this into a seperate file 
This is to keep the HTML tidy

5. HTML Removed MapBox Code

6. HTML Implement LEAFLET css and script

7. HTML Added Leaflet init code in HTML page

8. SCRIPT moved the inline Leaflet init script to the javascript file to keep HTML clean

9. HTML refactored the link to JQUERY to pull in from the jquery website
The old code was expecting a local file

10. Wrapped the map script in a JQUERY READ clause
This is so the javascript to manipulate the dom only runs once the DOM is ready to be manipulated

10. SCRIPT integrated the CartoDB.DarkMatterNoLabels Tiles
This was to get a dark map with no labels

11. HTML Included more recent MAPBOX references

12. SCRIPT Implemented the MAPBOX tiles
To get mapbox to work i had to 1)add in my token and 2) REMOVE Leaflet script reference

13. Remove Leaflet code reference

14 Try using the dark mapbox tiles
Did it using mapbox.dark

15. Developed a custom style layer called Dark_basic
This was developed in MapBox Studio to remove text and leave a simple dark map

16. Integrated Dark_basic Style
by adding a MapBox Layer Style that references the new style

17. Define a Default centre point and zoom level
Lat(vert):18.815 | Long(horiz):18.140 | Zoom : 3 | Code .setView([18.815, 18.140], 3);

18. Place a marker
Used the standard Leaflet marker

19. Place an animated marker
Took animation code from the http://piratefsh.github.io/how-to/2015/10/16/animating-leaflet-markers.html

20. Recreate the red. growing. fading. shrinking animation of the demo
Done with white

Need to see if we can remove markers
Need to figure out how to add multiple markers 
Need to test multiple markers

Make country borders fainter

Try reading in markers from JSON or GEOJSON

Try reading in geojson form an external file

Figure out how we "Push" markers form a dynamic source.





Place a market



try an animated market

Try reading in markers from JSON or GEOJSON



